[AWS] Document enabling WiFi site survey geolocation using nRF Cloud (#620)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/nRFCloudLocationServices.rst

    npx cdk deploy --all

This will update the StateMachine, which resolves P-GPS request from devices to use the nRF Cloud API as a resolver.

Ground Fix Services
*******************

> You can enable your devices to request the nearest wi-fi access points using `nRF Cloud's Ground Fix Service API <https://api.nrfcloud.com/v1#tag/Ground-Fix>`_ in your deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enable your devices to request the nearest Wi-Fi access points using `nRF Cloud's Ground Fix Service API <https://api.nrfcloud.com/v1#tag/Ground-Fix>`_ in your deployment.
```

> You can enable your devices to request the nearest Wi-Fi access points using `nRF Cloud's Ground Fix Service API <https://api.nrfcloud.com/v1#tag/Ground-Fix>`_ in your deployment.

Reviewer 2: This change does not enable the devices. It enables a feature in nRF Asset Tracker.

```suggestion
You can enable `nRF Cloud's Ground Fix Service API <https://api.nrfcloud.com/v1#tag/Ground-Fix>`_ to geolocate Wi-Fi site surveys sent by devices in your deployment.
```

To use the API, complete the following steps:

1. Configure your service key.
#. Enable the API using the CLI.
#. Redeploy the stack.

Use the following commands:

.. parsed-literal::
    :class: highlight

    cat *location of your Ground Fix Service Key file* | ./cli.sh configure thirdParty nrfcloud groundFixServiceKey
    ./cli.sh configure context stack nrfCloudGroundFix 1
    npx cdk deploy --all

> This will update the StateMachine, which resolves the nearest wi-fi access points request from devices to use the nRF Cloud API as a resolver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will update the StateMachine, which resolves the request for the nearest Wi-Fi access points from devices to use the nRF Cloud API as a resolver.
```

Reviewer 3: Not so sure, but would this make sense if it was something like this:

"... which resolves the request for the nearest Wi-Fi access points from devices using the nRF Cloud API."

And it if makes sense, you could perhaps do the same trick in the previous chapters.

Author: I am not native speaker and I would prefer to follow the previous one.

Author: I am not native speaker and I would prefer to follow the previous one.

> This will update the StateMachine, which resolves the request for nearest Wi-Fi access points from devices to use the nRF Cloud API as a resolver.

Reviewer 2: This is not accurate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will set up a StateMachine, which resolves the geolocation for Wi-Fi site surveys sent by devices.
```
